https://codepen.io/lilsebbb/pen/eYGmmRR?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

Basically it's righting your html code using specific tags so the code looks cleaner and automatic website readers can read it clearly.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

To write the code for a website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?

we put attributes inside the opening tags of whatever we're trying to code and it tells the computer which 'attributes' it should give the text inside the tags.


    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

it is used for a title and we should usually only use it once as the header of the page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

img 
link

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

links to whatever sources we need (like css or fonts)
title


    7. What is an id? 

its like a class but can only be used once

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

once

    10. What is a class? 

a way to put a specific element into one class so we can add css to it

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

unlimited

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

target=”_blank”

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

for line readers when they can't see the image

    15. How do I reference an id?

with the pund symbol '#'

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

section is semantic so you can't use it to style css unless you have a div inside

    17. What is CSS used for? 

to make the website look pretty and to configure for different sized screens

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

h2{

}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

you can use an id when giving a specific css to an image or something youre only going to use once
and you use a class when youre probably going to give that same css code to many objects in your html


    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

.whateverClass{

}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

p .human{

}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

it is when you specifically select an element inside of another element, like if i had a <p> inside of a <p>
and i only wanted to select <p>'s inside of <div>'s I would do
div p{

}

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
link .sidebar{

}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?



    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

line-height: ;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? 

letter-spacing: ;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

div{
    border: dotted 1px black;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

html{
    
}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

/* whatever you want */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?

every time you get something major working

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

git push -u origin branchName

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    We first get the repository from github and fork it, we then copy our fork onto our clipboard
    we then open git bash to where we want to put the file and type 'git clone whatever the url is'
    finally we cd into that file and type code . to open vs code
    finally we type git add . and git commit -m 'whatever message' when we want to save
    and last but not least we hit them with the classic git push -u origin branchName so it saves to github
    if we're confident with that save we create a pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 